March newsletter (#414)
readthedocs/ethicalads.io: content/posts/newsletter-march-2024.md

There's a small change from past newsletters for this month.
Rather than publishing a February newsletter in early March,
we're just going to call it our March update.
What isn't changing is that we're still going to discuss our progress
from February and what's coming in the rest of March.

## New features from February

* We released a feature to target campaigns by the day of the week.
  This was a minor feature but a couple advertisers wanted to run only weekend campaigns.
  We've discussed it in the past, but our network's traffic on weekends
  is less than half a normal weekday.
* We've made a lot of progress toward some big changes in our
  [machine learning based contextual targeting]({filename}../posts/2022-content-based-targeting.md).
  These changes will let us target a lot of niches that were previously too hard or too small to target.
  We are still aiming for a public demo this month!
* We are experimenting with some self-serve features to let advertisers

>   who know exactly what they want to start a campaign without doing a call with a co-found^D^D^D sales rep.

Reviewer: Not sure our audience is gonna get the `^D` reference. Is there markdown for strikethrough? 

Also seems like this is a small nod to hiding Ras, but might be worth a line item?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  who know exactly what they want to start a campaign without doing a call with a ~~co-founder~~ sales rep.
```

Author: I ended up using the `<s>` tag and I added a brief blurb for Raz.
